OSDOCS#11457: User-defined tags changes (#79964)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-defined-tags-azure.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installing-azure-user-defined-tags_{context}"]
= Configuring user-defined tags for {azure-short}

> In {product-title}, you can use tags for grouping resources and for managing resource access and cost. Tags are applied only to the resources created by the {product-title} installation program and its core operators such as Machine API Operator, Cluster Ingress Operator, Cluster Image Registry Operator. The {product-title} consists of the following types of tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title}, you can use tags for grouping resources and for managing resource access and cost. Tags are applied only to the resources created by the {product-title} installation program and its core Operators such as Machine API Operator, Cluster Ingress Operator, Cluster Image Registry Operator. The {product-title} consists of the following types of tags:
```

> In {product-title}, you can use tags for grouping resources and for managing resource access and cost. Tags are applied only to the resources created by the {product-title} installation program and its core operators such as Machine API Operator, Cluster Ingress Operator, Cluster Image Registry Operator. The {product-title} consists of the following types of tags:

Reviewer: I am not sure what this means:

`The {product-title} consists of the following types of tags:`

> The OpenShift Container Platform consists of the following types of tags:

"OpenShift Container Platform uses the following types of tags" maybe?

Author: It means "OCP can have the following types of tags".

> * {product-title} tags: By default, {product-title} installer attaches the {product-title} tags to the {azure-short} resources. These {product-title} tags are not accessible for the users. The format of the {product-title} tags is `kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster_id>:owned` where `cluster_id` parameter is the value of `.status.infrastructureName` in `config.openshift.io/Infrastructure` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {product-title} tags: By default, {product-title} installer attaches the {product-title} tags to the {azure-short} resources. These {product-title} tags are not accessible to users. The format of the {product-title} tags is `kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster_id>:owned`, where `<cluster_id>` is the value of `.status.infrastructureName` in the infrastructure resource for the cluster.
```

Author: Thanks Jeana! I re-read and I have couple more fixes now :D

```suggestion
* {product-title} tags: By default, {product-title} installation program attaches the {product-title} tags to the {azure-short} resources. These {product-title} tags are not accessible to the users. The format of the {product-title} tags is `kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster_id>:owned`, where `<cluster_id>` is the value of `.status.infrastructureName` in the infrastructure resource for the cluster.
```

* User-defined tags: User-defined tags are manually created in `install-config.yaml` file during installation. When creating the user-defined tags, you must consider the following points:

** User-defined tags on {azure-short} resources can only be defined during {product-title} cluster creation, and cannot be modified after the cluster is created.

> ** Support for user-defined tags is available only for the resources created in the {azure-short} Public Cloud.

Reviewer: Consider using a [description list](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) for items like this, i.e.:

```
{product-title} tags:: By default, {product-title} installer attaches the {product-title} tags to the {azure-short} resources. These {product-title} tags are not accessible for the users. 
+
The format of the {product-title} tags is `kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster_id>:owned` where `cluster_id` parameter is the value of `.status.infrastructureName` in `config.openshift.io/Infrastructure` API.

User-defined tags:: User-defined tags are manually created in `install-config.yaml` file during installation. When creating the user-defined tags, you must consider the following points:
+
* User-defined tags on {azure-short} resources can only be defined during {product-title} cluster creation, and cannot be modified after the cluster is created.
* Support for user-defined tags is available only for the resources created in the {azure-short} Public Cloud.
* User-defined tags are not supported for the {product-title} clusters upgraded to {product-title} {product-version}.
```

That looks something like this (VSC preview doesn't render the attributes, but so you can see the format):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9984adbc-a914-4962-a1dc-3eea7b8bc361)

Author: sure, thanks!
